In order to fulfill this important mission,
I would like to opening comments on the policy that our country
cannot follow for years without truly becoming hateful.
Cherry把它取得,
Regarding the fact that We Iet bearing with the accounts of we Crsl generations,
Based on the national concept of Japan, the spirit of Japan is completely dependent on the current politics, economy, culture, and all aspects of society.
The spirit of Japan is completely dependent on the current politics, economy, culture, and all aspects of society.
The original literature is said to be a work of genius.
However, it is believed that genius is not a natural phenomenon.
I believe that the genius is born only when the child is brought up and taught by the hard work of the parents.
Thank you for watching.